everything from trivia to even be able
to go to the island ceremony much less
sexy when we left Vince middle back hey
Johnny Rowlands Dale 22 what did you
learn from your arrest this summer and
what were the repercussions that for
someone implemented that some of them as
a critical mistake in my life is
something that I learned a lot from and
something that consequences on my
teammates and with everyone here but
there's a really just a critical mistake
on my part something from that I've had
to make use of my life too little Johnny
Pedro is on ESPN there's so much talk
about freshman possibly the Heisman
Trophy for the first time when you look
at that as well as around this room what
are your thoughts it's crazy I like I
said yesterday it's its social room to
read we even mentioned in the same
category insensitive to hide the trophy
it's a dream crusher
come true 3d even be able to go to New
York and sit down after watching years
and years of guys I looked up to get
dress that I guess tomorrow in both NH
Collins over me major pressure side
without share Trevor I bring John
raining McAvoy KPRC Houston has a good
voice of the season Johnny of all the
success where he came was overwhelming
he'll off the field was coming right
there's a few times while I should at
Alabama Gators with nature that kicked
out kind of what's the time where I
thought about change my other number I
have to give the ginger get the changer
hope just kind of anybody things where
you go kind of won't become a home body
a little more so adept what they did a
little overwhelming for me and I think
my family as well but it's something
that you dream about being the stage you
hear about me look like we're back
Diane States Sports Illustrated we can
get her fruity loop besides pour in and
Nexus am appreciative quarterback and
did you get it frustrated with a lot of
the other schools that said what we
wants to become a b SI 2 receiver I
don't think I really have to frustrated
about it I just want to play and that
was going to say I want to play whether
it's obviously not cater after we saw
that burger the safety whatever it was
essentially play college football